Any kid scrolling Tik Tok can find the next billion dollar trend before Goldman does. And that's sick. It's just about observing change in the world and connecting dots to companies. That's it. Maybe AI is now the biggest and quickest change. If you're right, and if you can do this two [music] or three times, you can be rich now versus waiting 30 or 40 years. I turned 20,000 [music] to 2 million in 3 years. What's the trade that you've made? You're like, that's the one that really went wrong. >> One of them [music] lost a third of my liquid net worth in an hour. And I want to talk about how to manage that process [music] for regular people cuz that shouldn't scare you. >> How critical of a piece is AI agents? >> I would say agents are everything right now. I'm going to tell you a story that melted my mind two weeks ago with AI agents. I was in. >> Okay, so a lot of you will be watching and seeing this show for the first time and so I wanted to ask for a quick favor and that's to subscribe to the channel. And if you do, the promise that I'll make is we're going to take everything that we do here to the next level. That means scale the guests, scale the storytelling, the production, every little detail of what makes this show great so that we bring you an even better experience. You hit that subscribe button, we make this show better for you. Let's get back to the show. In 2007, you make a decision to invest $20,000 into the market. And speaking to you today, that's turned into over $70 million. And so where I wanted to begin is that happens without you ever working on Wall Street having an MBA or a special fancy degree or special connections. And so for the person that's listening at home who's not familiar with you or your story, what value do you hope that they would take from hearing about your experience and your story? I think trying to convince people that winning in the market is no longer about outsmarting sophisticated investors. It's really about just having the attention span to be able to ignore the noise long enough to notice the behavioral change that's just happening right in front of you. Because if you could do that, you have the biggest edge in the world when it comes to investing. And that's actually all you need to do. You need to be able to have focus and attention. It's not about being incredibly smart. It's not about being financially pedigreed. It's not about being, you know, this algorithmic technical whiz person, right, that can do things that other people can't. I think there's never been a time like now when you being just an ordinary person that is deeply engaged and attached to the real world has been the advantage, has been the alpha right in the market. Uh so it's a great time to be just a regular person investing. >> Yeah. You know, you speak to the opportunity and you even said that there's never been a time like now to be an ordinary person that's just connected to what's happening. And so I'm curious for for your comparison because the the time when you started investing, I'm thinking about 2007 right before the recession. Can you compare the opportunity that exist exists now versus what it was when you began? Like would you say that it's actually a bigger opportunity today than back in 2007 when you started? >> I I would say it's it's easier um you know in general I always like to say the crowd's undefeated, right? It's about finding that story before the market does. And back in 2007, I don't know, maybe we had Facebook, right? Uh, but for the most part, I was observing the world in real life. So, I was limited to my exposure to the things that were interconnecting with my life every day. The restaurants I went to, the stores that I walked by, uh, the internet wasn't really [snorts] fully evolved to the extent that it is today. Now all the world's communications have become digital. So any ordinary person has the ability to essentially observe millions of conversations happening in real time just by reading comments on Tik Tok videos. So it doesn't really matter where you live. It doesn't matter what socioeconomic class you're in. You can gain exposure to every human on earth and what they're talking about, what they care about, how they're spending their time, what they're planning to buy tomorrow or next week. Um, how their behavior is changing, how their eating habits are changing. Um, those are all the things that you have to be able to surface to be a great investor, at least when you're investing the way that I invest. And now the world is your oyster because you have access to all of that information and it's all free and it's all available at your fingertips. So you don't have to walk the mall, right? uh you could just literally just go on these uh social sites and and if you know what to look for and if you know how to decipher those conversations and extract value out of them as an investor, which is something that I've learned how to do over the past, you know, 18 years, uh then you could become one of the greatest investors in the world. >> And that's all there is to it. I know it sounds insane, but but it's just facts. >> Yeah. Yeah. You know what? Even listening to you, the way you speak, like the things that you speak about, you don't speak like a traditional investor. You don't speak like someone that I would expect to meet on Wall Street. Um, or, you know, who's going on CNBC and is like an analyst and breaking it down in the way that they do, like that traditional investor. And even just being familiar with your story, it feels quite personal to you. The fact that you're a bit of an outsider, that you do things differently, you're a bit of a misfit. Why is that the case? Like, why is it so personal for you? I have always been an underdog in every facet of my life. I mean, there are a lot of stories there, right? Um, I was always obsessed with trying to make it. I was one of those kids that was, you know, grinding side hustles before that was a cool thing to do in in my generation. Now all the kids love doing that stuff, which is which I which I love that that's become normalized. Um, but there has been a massively unfair advantage that's existed for decades, and it's something that I sensed when I was really young. uh that kind of blocked out most of the world from having access to what would be required to generate wealth in the market. Uh there was an information hierarchy back in the 70s 80s I think it went into the '9s where only certain types of people and investors and hedge fund managers had access to information. >> Uh regular people didn't. But a bigger thing is that the internet has completely broken the information hierarchy. Right? So now the information that actually matters is just living on the internet. Again, what people are doing, what they're buying, what they're saying, all the things that are connected to how the world is changing can be clearly seen by anyone with an internet connection. Right? So basically any kid scrolling Tik Tok can find the next billion dollar trend before Goldman does. >> And that's sick. >> Okay. The craziest part about that is that most people don't believe what I just said >> because we have decades of institutional unfairness that we just assume continue to go on, but it's not the case. And I so I actually had you know I know this for a fact because you know I started a company 10ish years ago that basically institutionalized what I do basically observational conversational data analysis for hedge funds and Wall Street banks. So I actually spent 5 years working behind the curtain seeing uh the best of the best on Wall Street, right? you know, meeting with the guys that control the biggest funds in the world and I was stunned when I realized that they no longer have any inherent advantage over us. Uh because they are essentially focused on spending millions of dollars on transactional data sets, meaning credit card swipe data to see what we're buying at stores before earnings comes out. But again, people speak about what they're going to buy before they actually buy it. So, we still hold the advantage as regular people that are willing to observe conversational data on the internet. So, the craziest part about that is no one believes me. People still think the game is rigged in Wall Street's favor. And I keep saying over and over again, no, it is rigged. It's rigged in our favor now. But Wall Street doesn't want you to know that because they still want you to have to give them your money, right? so that they can control it and that they can essentially skim a piece of your profits every year for themselves even though they have no inherent advantage investing in the markets than we do as regular people. >> Yeah. >> Uh but they have to sell that story to keep the industry alive. >> Um so I'm just out here trying to convince people that you don't need them. And not only do you don't not need them, but you are probably the world's best investor. Especially if you're not if you don't have a finance background, if you don't have a technical background, you're at even more of an advantage because you're not biased. And you know, the average person that's most deeply connected in the real world in the real world that has the the best ability to quickly decipher how the world is changing in real time because they're actually going out. They have people that they're speaking to. They're experiencing the world. They're on social media. They're watching cultural shifts. They're not like the conventionally smartest and most pedigreed people in the world, >> right? It's really ironic. Like those are the people that actually have the advantage. They just won't believe it. >> Yeah. >> So, if I can just get them to believe it, uh they can become the next big class of investors. >> Yeah. you know, as I as I listen to you speak, it like kind of I've never thought about this, but in many ways, we're in like the the age of the outsider, you know, like the the person that didn't come from that traditional background. Um, I can't think of another time in human history where like the everyday person, the outsider, the retail investor, if you're talking about in like a investing standpoint, has such a level playing field with the insiders. And I I'm curious to get your perspective of does AI and when we think about millions and millions of people having access to like LLMs and like these agents and a chat GPT or a claude does that even further kind of that advantage of like the outsider the everyday person in your mind? Okay. Okay, so I know a lot of you listening to this conversation are early stage entrepreneurs. And so one of the most difficult things when you're starting a business in the beginning is getting your clients and your customers to trust you. And what I found is one of the easiest ways to build trust is to establish and build strong security foundations and practices in your business by using indemand frameworks like sock 2, ISO27001 and HIPPA. And so today's sponsor, Vanta, is going to make the process of getting these frameworks established in your business very simple and very easy because they automate the work. And so, not only does Vanta help you get compliant, they'll then also continuously monitor your compliance and prove your security so that you never lose trust with your clients. And so if you're serious about the business that you're building and setting it up on the right foundation from security and compliance perspective, then I encourage you to go to the link in the description and check out Vant. So that's vanta.com/calum. vanta.com/calum. And when you use that link, you'll get $1,000 off when you try Vanta. Thank you to Vanta for sponsoring this episode. Let's get back to the show. >> Absolutely. I mean, I I I'm using AI as a really simple tool to simply help me with my research when I do find something. So, you know, I might find some behavioral change that's happening that I think might impact the way people are buying things, right? Or how they're spending their time. And I share that information with, you know, could be Chat GPT, could be Claude, and I ask the AI to help me find companies that are publicly traded that sell products that could benefit or be harmed by this thing that I found reading comments on Tik Tok. M >> and it used to take me hours to days, sometimes weeks to go through that research process of connecting the dots between the conversational data that I surfaced and the companies that would be benefit or be harmed by that shift in culture or consumer behavior. And now the AI does it for me in minutes. So it's it's actually insanely cool because that's the sometimes the hardest part of the process and the AI is so good at doing it. >> So now as a regular person you have the AI to help you kind of do some of the hard things, right? Even if you want to assess, is this re really a needle mover for this company? Could you help me understand if you know these kids that are buying this toy that's made by this publicly traded company, can that actually move the needle for that company enough to where when the rest of the world comes to terms with what I just found, this trend, uh, that they will trade this company up >> and the AI will do the hard work to help you answer that question or just a few years ago, you might have needed the help of someone in finance to help you understand, you know, is this a needle mover for the company? >> That's pretty cool. >> Yeah. >> And I and I tell people it's not just finance. I'm obsessed with AI and how it's democratizing intelligence for the benefit of humanity. And I think people are just not paying enough attention to that. >> Yeah. you know, we're going to get deeper into uh AI and the opportunities that you're seeing in that space both from like someone that wants to build a business like build their first successful business or even someone that wants to get into investing. But before we do, because you you mention like one of the one of your frustrations almost is we live in this time where an outsider like an everyday investor can be incredibly like successful because of this access to information. And a lot of the times when you tell them that, they don't believe you. And I think the interesting thing is that today speaking with you, you're like one of the most successful investors. But if we rewind in your story, and this is actually something you said like a few years ago, you say I was just an ordinary guy with an ordinary job. I worked at a pretty big company at the time. I was making pretty good money, but never enough to support my life goals. I was always like, "How do I get to where I want to be? And can I get there through having a job?" And see, when when I heard you say that, it's such like a relatable thing for anyone that's working, anyone that's in employment but has those like bigger aspirations. And so, I just wanted you to kind of take us behind the curtain, like let us be a fly on the wall. Take us back to that moment, that time in your life, and like what was going on and your thought process. I was working at a company uh in sales and business development and I would be considered a really successful person making hundreds of thousands of dollars in my 20s but it wasn't enough for me for what I wanted to do in life for what I wanted to build and I I had finally hit that point after being promoted over and over and over when I realized that the next promotion I think I got turned down for one big promotion And that's when I realized that I no longer had control over my own destiny in corporate America. That I would have to maybe go look for a job at another company, maybe get lucky, uh, and that I would always owe my destiny to someone else making a decision for me. And even though I was doing exceptionally well, that was something that was a reality for essentially every single professional in the world, >> right? Like unless you own your own business, for the most part, uh you are more or less capped uh on how quickly you can grow or on your ability to control your own destiny when you're an employee. And that was like a really defining moment for me because I realized like what am I going to do? Like what am I actually going to do? Because if I leave this job and take another job someplace else, it might work out but it might not. And so many of my friends have taken that path. They quit the job. They got a job someplace else. It didn't work out. And now they were in a worse place than they were before. And I realized then at that moment that I had to go back to my background in investing and that would be the only path where I had control over building wealth for myself, right? Like that was it. There was no other way. There was either that or starting a company which is even more dangerous and risky, right? And the reality is most people should not be going out as an entrepreneur and just starting a company cuz you're going to fail >> almost every time. [sighs] So this is something that every person deals with. I don't know how many people have kind of gone through that chain of thinking and gotten to that point. I think most people don't understand how big of an opportunity simply learning how to invest is. So, they get to the point where they realize that they're stuck in their job and then life just sucks >> and they just stop and they just it's depressing. >> Yeah. >> Right. >> You you mentioned that feeling that that realization of like being stuck in your job, life just sucks. When you mentioned getting denied that promotion, was that the like pertinent emotion, the pertinent feeling that you felt at that time? [sighs] Yeah. Yeah. It was a defining moment when for the first time in my career, I didn't get the promotion and I was like, wait a second, I don't have control over my destiny. What am I going to do? like, "No, I I don't know that I want to go find another job because I might find myself in the same exact situation at another company. I don't know that I want to go start my own company because I had done that before. I I was smart enough to know that that is not easy." And you more often than not are going to fail. But I still wanted to build wealth. I wanted to do things. I wanted to live in certain neighborhoods. I wanted, you know, I have, you know, I have altruistic philanthropic goals in life that I want to do to help humanity. Like I I want to do big things in my life. And to do big things, I needed a lot of money. >> And because that money buys freedom, that money buys time, that money buys me the ability to do what I want to do with my life. And I realized that there was no way I was ever going to get that freedom by just staying in that job unless I got lucky again. Maybe eventually I would get the promotion. So it's kind of like rolling the dice. But I didn't want to roll the dice in my life. I wanted to have more control over my destiny. And I had this journey when I was much younger. Uh it actually started when I was a kid, like a weird kid. Like I said, I was always I've was always an outsider, quirky kid. Uh I would go to garage sales, you know, when I was like 12, 13, 14 years old. I get up before school. I'd take buses around the city. I'd try to identify the one garage sale or estate sale in the entire city that was most likely to have a mispriced item that I could buy and make money off of flipping. And so I'd show up at 5:00 in the morning and I'd just sit outside for 2 or 3 hours until that sale that had the thing that I thought might be mispriced opened up. And sometimes I'd buy the thing and then I would sell it to someone, you know, a dealer. It depended on what the thing was like. And I made pretty decent money doing that. Uh, but it was doing that that I learned how to invest because I would always start each day at the same 7-Eleven getting a bottle of Snapple lemon flavored iced tea for the caffeine. And one day I walked in that 7-Eleven and they didn't have any because they had had gone from two refrigerators to half of one refrigerator cuz they had all these other competing iced teas. I was like, "Hey, what happened to my lemon flavored half Snapple iced tea?" like, "Oh, we don't have as much inventory anymore because these other brands came in." I went home, talked to my older brother, who's a stock broker. I said, "Can I make money off of that?" He said, "Well, I can help you short Snapple. They have earnings in a few weeks." Uh, through put options, which I didn't know what that was. I gave him $300, which is all the money I had made off garage sales I had saved up >> during that moment in time. And in a few weeks, I tripled my money. I turned it to $900. It was the first time that Snapple had ever missed their earnings and they missed their earnings because they were uh inventory was building up in the channel because retailers like 7-Eleven were starting to bring in other competing brands to Snapple after Snapple had this long run of being this huge brand. Other people were competing with them. So, I saw something as a young teenager that anyone in the world could have seen, >> uh, including people that work on Wall Street, but they were too consumed with sophisticated, you know, analyses and the noise of the world and the market to simply see something in real life and connect the dots to an investable opportunity. But I knew at that very moment that investing would is something that I'd be interested in. >> Yeah. So, but but then I went off and I didn't make great investments after that because I thought there's no way that that was the way to invest. No way. Right? So, I started to invest like everybody else. I read all the books. I was going to be a sophisticated investor as a teenager. And then even in college, I was investing a lot with options. But again, I was trying to mimic what all the professionals were doing, right? I I wanted to be a real investor and I thought there's no way that thing I did when I was a young teenager at 7-Eleven would be a methodology of investing that I could exclusively do. >> Yeah. >> And so I lost a lot of money and then I went into the real world and I got a job and it went well for a long time until it didn't. And that's when I looked back at myself as a young teen. I said, "What if what if I kind of that was the one investment that worked best for me? What if I kind of develop an entire methodology all around just trying to find things that are changing in the world and connecting the dots to companies that would be harmed or benefit from that change I was spotting >> whether it was a change in what people are buying >> uh you know what people are doing what they're eating how they're acting uh and I called it at the time like observational investing uh social ARB is what it grew into become which is a more sophisticated way to say observational investing right >> but it's just about observing change in the world and connecting dots to companies that's it >> it's something that anybody could do >> a lot of people today they listen to you they hear your approach your strategy your story and they dismiss it they dismiss the opportunities that are available because it's like oh but I'm just an everyday a person like how would I ever beat people that have you know years of experience on Wall Street or how would I ever get return? I'm not meant to do this. I didn't get an MBA. It's like the these limiting beliefs can actually have like this very real block on like opportunity in our lives and for a good portion of your story like that was your story as well. Yeah, there are a lot of skeptics out there when it comes to my story and I used to get really defensive. [laughter] I mean, early on I would get into a lot of fights of people trying to prove myself and I don't anymore because I actually fully appreciate where they're coming from. It doesn't make sense. Listen, I didn't believe in myself, so why should others believe in my story? Like, it's it seems insane. like it's an 18-year track record of 70% annualized returns, which to my knowledge has never been achieved by any retail investor. So, I understand why people would be skeptical. And when they learn how I do it, it just sounds way too simple. But then when we look back at all the biggest things, they're usually simple, right? Like the biggest breakthroughs are usually pretty simple breakthroughs, right? Um, I think we like to over complicate things and I think industries and people over complicate things to kind of, you know, create a cloud of protection around themselves, their companies, their industries, when in reality there's usually a pretty simple path to greatness in anything that we're doing. So, I know I it's okay to be skeptical on it. >> Uh, I get it. But if you really think hard about it, it intuitively just makes sense, right? Like what actually drives earnings, what drives revenue, what drives cost, what drives success or failure for every company on earth. And it's ultimately the change that's happening in the world. uh it's the degree to which people are accelerating or decelerating their purchase patterns or their engagement or their interest in certain things. So if you could simply learn how to detect change quicker than other people and how to connect the dots quicker than other people, you have an inherent advantage in what companies are going to be the next big thing, right? Or like if a company is going to surprise earnings on the upside or downside, there's always a narrative behind that. There's always a reason why a company beat earnings. there's a reason why they missed earnings. And you could usually go back in time to something that an ordinary person could have seen if they knew where to look >> uh to discover that shift that ultimately led to that company having a great or a bad quarter at least when it's something big. Okay. >> Um and that's something that I do all the time. So when I when a company has a huge quarter and I did not invest in that company and they had a big earning surprise, I'm like, what drove that? And is it something that I could have discovered if I knew where to look? >> So I can try start to rewire my brain to capture that thing in the future. >> You know what you you mention? It's uh it's simple in a way. I'd say it's almost like painfully simple cuz even though the the principles of how you do it are simple, you're putting in an extraordinary amount of work and attention to be always like cognizant of things that are happening and even like going back and looking over your misses. And so my question to you because in 2007 you kind of return to your this methodology that you really came up with when you were a teenager and you make this first investment, this $20,000 investment. Can you explain to people what that investment was and then how you even came to that decision at the time? Yeah, I mean it it was simply looking back at that Snapple investment and trying to go all in on that methodology to say I am going to start paying attention more and connecting dots. So my office that I worked at for 9 years where I was working when I started this journey was right next door to a cheesec cheesecake factory. And that Cheesecake Factory was in Dallas, Texas. And there was a line out the door every single day for lunch and dinner. This was when Cheesecake Factory was really popping. Now, if you're an institutional investor working in Manhattan at the time, you're probably not going to give as much credibility to a company like Cheesecake Factory as you should simply because your taste in food, right, is probably levels above uh where most of America was. Uh and you just can't relate. And there was another uh we were across the street from North Park Mall in Dallas and there was a company called PF Chains that was there. And right as Cheesecake Factory was popping, so was PF Chains. They also had similar lines. And again, if you're an institutional investor working in Manhattan, your PF Chens isn't even real Chinese food, right? But most of America has never experienced real Chinese food. And PF Chains was a gamecher as was Cheesecake Factory. Those were actually two of my biggest investments during those years because I saw it with my own eyes. I was exposed to it. And fortunately, I lived in Dallas and I didn't live in New York because I probably would have been just as biased if I lived in New York as the those institutional investors. But when you're able to see the change and really feel it, um you believe it and you have conviction in it. Um, I miss one of the biggest trades of the last 40 years, which was Tesla, because for some number of reasons, I just didn't get inside of a Tesla in the early days. I didn't experience it, right? Like if you were one of those people that were in a Tesla and got to actually drive one or be in one in its earliest years, there's a decent likelihood you would have went all in on Tesla as an investment because you saw this game-changing thing happening with EVs at the time. And if you didn't, you probably were skeptical on the company for a whole host of reasons. So, I mean, that's what it was at the time. I was just, I'm going to get out there and really dive deep into this methodology. And I would I would walk the malls constantly. I would speak to people. At times, the only social network that was a thing was Facebook. So, I was obsessive surfing Facebook for what people were talking about. It's just connecting dots. It's observing the world and connecting dots. Um, you know, I did it with, you know, and by the way, it's applicable to anything. It's not just companies that make products. Uh it could be, you know, movies for example, right? Uh I was at a dinner and there was a Hollywood analyst who deeply in the film business who essentially said that Barbie would be the biggest bomb movie of the year. And he he told this to the entire table like sharing kind of inside Hollywood information. [snorts] I didn't say anything, but after the dinner, I went up to him and I said, "Have you been reading any of the comments on the two trailers that the movie released?" Because I've been studying Hollywood releases myself for 10 years as an investor, and I've never seen anything like this. I've never seen so much buzz, so much excitement, uh, for a film coming out. And I think everything you said is is dead wrong. And this is going to be one of the biggest blockbusters. We had a fight over the whole thing, right? I said, "Well, we'll see. We'll see." And I I made a huge investment uh not in the company that was releasing the movie, but in Mattel, who uh owned the rights to Barbie, cuz I thought it would be a lift for that toy category, obviously. And my goal was always to exit the trade the day the movie came out because I thought by then it would be clear that the hype was real and that the movie was exciting and that it was likely to be a success. That's exactly what happened. So in the weeks leading up to the movie reviews came out. The hype was real. It was very obvious that this is going to be a big blockbuster mo movie and people started to connect the dots back to Mattel. uh which I think went up 20%. Yeah. >> Pre-release and I exited the trade. So again, it's about being early. It's about seeing the world change and detecting these shifts early and then simply connecting dots. >> Yeah. What's the trade that you make, you've made that when you look back on your career, you're like, that's the one that really went wrong. >> I've made a few really bad trades that went wrong. uh to give you some context cuz I I'm a fairly ballsy investor. One of them lost a third of my liquid net worth in in a in an hour. >> So it happens and I want to talk about how to manage that process for regular people because that shouldn't scare you away from doing what I do. Um I I uh do you remember Frozen? The movie Frozen? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> My sister loves that. >> Okay. So, uh, there was an Elsa doll that was like the number one toy in the world that year and it was pretty large and it spoke like it would talk like Elsa and it it it was made uh I I the the name of the company I traded that that that made the doll. I can't remember it at the second at the second, but uh they were a really small toy company that had been doing terrible for years. Uh just on the outs and all of a sudden they have the number one toy in the world with this Elsa doll. I was like, "This is it. This is the big one, right?" And so I aggressively traded uh that company into the earnings report that should have announced a record lift in sales for the company unlike anything they had ever seen before. I was really excited about this trade. It was a huge one for me. So I invested in options, meaning that if the company did not go up in price on earnings, I'd lose all my money. But if they did go up, I wouldn't just make a little bit of money. I'd make a lot, right? I would make 5, 10, 15, 20 times my money. [sighs] Uh they reported the best earnings in the company's history. Uh it was astonishing, even better than I had anticipated. And the stock was up, I think, 30% pre-market before the market opened. I was like, here we go. I am great at what I do, >> right? Uh like this is going to be a big day for me. Uh the market opened and the stock immediately kind of it popped up for a quick second and then it almost it went down as quickly as it went up and it just hovered at break even and then it started going down. It started going down a lot >> by the end of that day. I want to say the company was down 25%. It was >> the most unusual thing I had ever seen as an investor. I couldn't I didn't know what was going on. I felt that someone just had it out for me, right? Like someone someone had it out for me because like I nailed it. I nailed this trade and yet I lost all my money. It was devastating. And so there is no such thing as a sure thing when it comes to investing or quite honestly life in general. So this is applicable to everything in life. >> Yeah. So what I try to inspire people to do is to bucket their money so that they can have risk capital in their life the same way that wealthy people do. If you want to try to build generational uh wealth for yourself outside of your job, if you want to eventually find a way to develop income and wealth that is not restricted by your profession and the company that you work for and getting a promotion, you must learn how to have risk capital in your life because the only way that you're going to make it big as an investor is to invest aggressively. You need a bucket of money you could do that with. Most people don't have that money. Every wealthy person does. >> Yeah, >> we all have risk capital. Most people don't. So, how do you get risk capital? >> Yeah. >> I mean, the you have to start thinking about money differently. If you think about every dollar is $100, all of a sudden, you're going to find so much money in your life through trade-offs. I don't know, maybe you get a haircut every five weeks instead of every four weeks. Just t maybe you make your own coffee at home, save four bucks a day, but it's like $400 a day. Would you save would you make your own coffee to make $400 a day? Yes. Because you have to think of every dollar as a $100. So, um when you start thinking like this, you can start saving money through tradeoffs. But every penny, every dollar that you save by making these trade-offs, remember the purpose behind it was to get rich quick. So, you have to take those savings and put them into an account that you're going to take risk with, >> right? And then you could start investing like wealthy people do. And that's a mind block that most people have. No one's ever taught that before. Ever. >> Yeah. You know, when you when you say risk capital, because I want to make it clear for people. Is this this is an set aside amount of money that in the worst case scenario that it does completely fall out like what you had with the uh toy company that your I guess your sustenance your basic level of living is not threatened. So, it's almost like it's an amount of money that you would be comfortable. Comfortable is a hard way to say it because you never want to lose money, but you'd be as comfortable as you could be if it went to zero. >> That That's correct. So, when I started that account with $20,000, I actually had $87,000 to my name. >> And so, of the $87,000 I had, I was comfortable saying, I'm going to take $20,000 and I'm going to try to make a life for myself by being an aggressive investor and investing like wealthy people do. with that $20,000, taking real risk, investing aggressively, and I was okay losing that $20,000. And that number is different for everyone. I think for most people, it's good to start with zero and just make tradeoffs. And so I I say all the money that goes in that account is other people's money. It's money that was really never yours. You only got it by clipping a coupon or saving, you know, delaying a trip, doing making some tradeoff in your life. it was never really going to be your money. It's like bonus money that you that you earned to take risk in life to try to like jump ahead. And I think just knowing that you're on that journey, that you have the ability to maybe accelerate to where you want to be in life financially is such an exciting thing. It's such a hopeful thing for people to have because most people just don't even have a 1% chance of that happening. If you open an account like this and you start contributing to it and you spend the little bit of time learning how to invest aggressively and you will find something, it I just don't know how long it's going to take you to do that or how many mistakes you make along the way. Yeah. >> But the journey is worth it. like mo almost I would say almost everyone that I've seen start to do this over the past 10 years almost everyone has become hyper successful and their accounts are now massively larger in size because of it I mean I get notes from people almost on the daily saying you know I'm a UPS driver I'm a dentist I'm a this just regular people they're like you don't even understand my life has been turned upside down. We have this account with money that we thought we would never have and we've been doing this for 6 years or 8 years. Like, thank you so much for like inspiring us that this is possible. And by the way, it's not like they're just learning from me. Once you get in the game, you learn from other people. And then they bring their own learnings into it. I say this is like the most fruitful hobby on earth. You know, people have all kinds of hobbies. You should add this one just for fun. >> Yeah. Because how how often do you have a hobby? It's just ob observing the world and like taking bets on things that can result in like life-changing amounts of money. >> Yeah. You know, I think I think this idea of like having risk capital uh is important. And to your point, I think for most everyday people, for me listening, it's not something uh that people have. And so I think this inqu this this question is important so that people can get started which is you mentioned that the the 20,000 that you initially invested was your risk capital. If someone is listening and they're trying to know if there's a certain number that they have to get to first before they can start investing. What's a good number almost to to build your risk capital to in the beginning so that you can go in and actually make it's worthwhile? Like what's the is there a number that you would recommend people get to when they're starting out? >> So many people start with hundreds of dollars. I I don't think you need more than hundreds of dollars. I I really don't. Um you could start with zero. You don't need to start with 20,000, right? And I think for most people that's too much money. Remember when I started I was making hundreds of thousands of dollars a year and I did have $87,000 in savings. So most I don't know a lot of people don't have $87,000 of savings. I just start with anything. It really doesn't matter because the one thing I will say is you will not gain confidence doing this for years. It takes years. So you have to start with a very small account and just do it. Actually do the trades because what's going to happen is you will make some mistakes but you will actually get some big wins based on things that you saw and the wins you didn't go into them aggressively enough. You have to build the conviction that you can do this. And once you build that conviction 3 years, 4 years, 6, 7 years down the road, then you'll be willing to put more money with higher leverage into these investments. So you just need to start >> immediately. >> Yeah. >> Because the only way to really learn is using real money. And also, you're going to make mistakes. The only way to learn is to lose money. Like you can you can like learn in theory, uh, but once you start losing money, you're never going to do that again. >> Yeah. So, I I just I would say time is the most important piece here. No matter how old you are, just start now. >> Yeah. >> Because it's going to be a few years, which is good because remember, you're not going to lose much money in the beginning because you're not going to have much money to lose. >> But it will grow and by the time your account gets big enough to you're making bigger trades with bigger margin uh and leverage, you'll be smarter about how you do this. >> Yeah. You mentioned that you you learn through the loss of of capital and I think about that experience that you have when you invest in this like toy manufacturer for the Frozen like the Elsa dolls and the emotion of on the day that their earnings come out, you see it, you see like the thing that you wanted to happen go in the way that you wanted like it was going in the upward direction for it to then go the other Okay. And I think about the effect on Chris Camilillo, the human being in terms of your emotion, the effect on your your mind. Can you take people through that day and like the the feeling like what was the cost of that? It it was devastating and and you know I left this part of the story out earlier. Um but I had just opened up my own hedge fund and that was my first trade in my hedge fund. So people have been asking me to open a hedge fund for years. Uh I uh I never wanted to do it. Uh but a family friend uh who had been tracking my investments for years uh wrote me a very long note that I mostly kind of didn't pay attention to. And uh then this family friend committed suicide. And uh I went back and I read the note and basically the note was he was an Ivy League grad, I think like a Stamford guy. Uh genius and he he knew a lot of big money guys and he said, "Chris, like I know where your heart is. Uh I had never seen someone that could do what you have done in markets before. If you could do this in markets on an institutional level, you will be a multi-billionaire. And what you can do with that money in this world is unprecedented with your heart. And and I know you don't want to do it, but you need to start a hedge fund. And um I went on to start the hedge fund. So it took me like a year to raise the capital. Uh and that was my first trade. Now, I had to close the hedge fund two months later for an unrelated reason cuz I had a software my software company that was a social data intelligence company for hedge funds. They told me they would never buy my software if I had my own hedge fund because they thought I'd frontr run my own software data in front of their trades. So, >> I had to close the fund. But anyway, that was my first trade. It was so embarrassing because like I had all these billionaire investors like some of the biggest guys in the state of Texas backed my hedge fund based on my track record and this was my first trade zeroed out. It was just humiliating. And what was so frustrating was that I nailed the damn trade, man. It was like such an anomaly that I nailed the trade, but it was one investor who owned 10% of the stock unloaded uh their shares into the strength of the earnings report and and screwed me. So, I mean, it's it's devastating, but but you learn and and you got to push through in life, right? Like remember, like I've been an underdog my whole life. Uh it sucked for a minute and I got through it. you survive, you push through, >> right? Uh I made one other trade. It went it went pretty well and I closed the fund down because I was forced to because of my software company. [gasps] So, um I had [snorts] I had one more trade like that that was really even more devastating for me though. It was right before the pandemic. You know, I invested in this company uh QSR. They own Burger King, Popeye's, and Tim Hortons. Uh, it was right at the time of the Impossible Whopper and the Popeye's chicken sandwich that were both going nuts. I was really early on both of those and I realized that they were both going to have the biggest earnings report in the company's history. Uh, biggest moment in the entire history of Popeye's chicken, biggest moment in the history of Burger King. yet, you know, unfortunately Tim Hortons was half of the company and they just happened to have a terrible earnings report uh or or their revenue missed and I was not able to assess that on Tim Hortons and didn't really pay attention to it cuz I thought, hey, Popeyes and Burger King, biggest quarters ever. I'm not really concerned what's going on Tim Hortons as much. Well, the stock got crushed and I lost a third of my net worth that day. Uh because I was so confident in the trade, but that just showed me I I I got to be better at what I do, right? Um but yeah, that I lost a third of my that was the the worst trade of my entire career. I had never lost a third of my account on a single trade. Uh, now here I I I will never forget it because I kind of like I'm not a depressed person, but like I had a couple days of depression on that. I kind of stayed in my bed and kind of just slept slept it off. >> I woke up like I got out of bed fin like two days later. It's like I got to move on. >> And and it's like getting the confidence back to to put on big trades after that cuz like if I get another bad trade and lose another third, I'm in trouble. Well, I just happened to come across an opportunity that I thought was going to be the biggest trade of my life. And I h was at that moment where I had to make a decision. Do I do this again or not? And it was the pandemic. It was co and I was, you know, translating doctor reports out of China. And I was like, God, the whole world is going to get taken down by this virus and no one seems to care about it. The stock market is going to crash once people realize what's going on. And I started buying massive amounts of puts on, you know, uh, airline stocks and casinos. And the market wasn't moving. I started losing, I think, 10% of my portfolio every week. And I'd already lost a third of it a few months earlier, right? So, it was bad, man. It was really bad. I got down to a point after two or three weeks where I was down to like 50% of my liquid net worth was gone, evaporated. And then people finally realized what was going on with COVID and the stock market. This I hate saying this. I I profited off the all it was going to happen, right? I had no control over the stock crash. Uh it was the biggest trade of my life. So like my entire portfolio, I don't know, 3xed in a minute >> from that trade. And then I went on to do a number of other trades that year. And the and the year I think it was 2020 was the biggest year I've ever had in the market. uh just an absolutely astonishing amount of money made from the amount of change that was happening in the world. Because remember, all of what I do is dependent on surfacing change early. The bigger the change, the bigger the opportunity. The faster the change happens, the bigger the opportunity because it means that other people won't see the change because it's happening so quickly. Well, the pandemic was the biggest and the quickest change to ever happen in our lifetime. The fact that all of a sudden the entire world is now working from their homes. And they're not eating out. They're not flying, right? They're not gambling in Vegas anymore. What are they doing? They're ordering all their food to be delivered at home. They're ordering their products from Amazon. Shopify is blowing up because everyone's an e-commerce site now. Everybody's riding bicycles. Uh, everyone is working out at home on their Pelaton. Uh, everyone's spending time at their lakehouse, so everyone's buying boats and jet skis. So, there was so much change happening. I mean, people are buying printers cuz everyone has to have a good printer at home because their kids are doing school from home now. Like, everyone's buying the little cameras, right? Uh, on their on their computers because they're doing Zooms, right? So it we had like 20 years of investments happen in 9 months because everything was changing. You were either winning or you were losing as a company based on what side of that change you were on. And so there's never been a time in history to be a observational investor than that year of the pandemic. I basically didn't sleep. I was just making trades all day long based on things that I was seeing. Who's benefiting? Who's being harmed? >> Yeah. You know what? I think I think it's important and I'm I'm happy that you share the story is uh and the way that you shared it is just like the ups and downs in your story and in what you do and how the the worst trade of your career very shortly happens the the best trade of your career and that like roller coaster of it. And I think about Chris, the time that we're in right now with AI where again it's like so many things are changing. And there was something that you said that I wanted to to bring up because when I look at media and I look at the world and I and I think about my friends that I speak with and jobs that they're working in, the level of anxiety and almost like doom that they feel around AI. And there was something that you said. You go, "This is the new world. Whatever your new job is going to be, it's going to be using AI as a tool because whoever employs you in what whatever sector you go into, they're going to want to get 5 to 10 employees out of you." Can you talk about when you say this is a new world, what does that mean? And by the way, I don't think I mentioned earlier my friend that committed suicide. He did it because he was dying of cancer, right? And he thought that if someone who had the right mission in life had enough money and power that we can accelerate uh the cures to cancer, accelerate all the things that we need to accelerate for people in humanity that really do need help. And I think that ties into your question because everyone's so negative on AI right now for just numerous reasons. Uh but I I believe that this is potentially the most positive impactful thing we could ever have as a civilization because of how it will lift the people that are most in need in the world. Uh but it is maybe you know when I talk about the pandemic being the biggest and quickest change maybe AI is now the biggest and quickest change. So what does that mean as an investor? We now are faced again with the biggest opportunity of our lives to trade this change. Um I I do think uh that almost everything about AI is positive for us as people with the exception of the worst case scenarios that could eliminate all of us. Okay. So like I just I'll just put that out there. Um, if we can if we can stay away from the worst case scenario, I think everything is essentially a positive. And what I mean by that is I am one of the few people, and I know this is controversial, who think that AI is going to create more jobs, not less, and that the jobs that are created will be better jobs, not worse. So, I think the entire AI revolution will ultimately result in more and better jobs for humans. It's it it it it's a take that most people don't believe in. >> I never hear it. I I haven't heard it. >> Yeah. Um I mean, I've been thinking about it deeply for 3 years. I do think there will be moments uh when that feels like it's not true. There will be layoffs. There will definitely be sectors and people that will be discarded along that journey. And I am nervous about that. And I think it's our job uh to make sure that we take care of those people and we provide them with a bridge to the new world. And I mean that's on us to execute. Nothing is perfect. If you look back at the internet, right, when that was coming up, there were a lot of jobs that went away with the internet, but way more jobs were created because of the internet. So when I think about AI, yes, I think eventually one person could do the job of five, maybe even the job of 10, maybe even more. But what does that actually mean? If we can do the job of five, unless you're saying that humans, one person could do the job of 10 billion, it's it's it's actually a positive and not a negative for humans because what it means is that we can create more. We can build more. Uh and and you have to get out of the framework of we're adding AI into our world today. We're adding AI into a world that is going to change to become a new world. Okay? And that new world is going to be have industries that we can't even envision today. It's going to have products and services. It's going to have things that humans want to do that we can't even conceive today. And because of that, even if one human equals 100 in that future world, we're going to want every one of those humans because we still need the one to do the hundred people of work with the help of robotics and AI and all the other stuff because we're creating things that we never thought were even possible, >> right? So, and but those jobs are going to become more creative, right? Those jobs are going to become more interesting. >> Yeah. You know, it's it's very rare for me to hear and we have a lot of conversations in the AI space. It's very rare for me to hear someone that actually paints a positive picture of what this new world can be. And so for me, like this is an interesting conversation. I think it's going to be valuable for people and the person listening at home. And so for that person, they want to to build something, be it a business or just like a successful career kind of where you were at all those years ago where it was like, you know, you want to build a life that has like high upside and they want their skills to be deeply applicable and for them to be able to win in this new world. You know, I heard an interview where you were talking about uh open claw and like some of the agents and the things that people are building. If someone wants to succeed in this new world that you just outlined, where should they be spending their time today when it comes to AI and using AI? Okay. So, give me 60 seconds of your time because you're going to want to hear this. So, I've done over 200 episodes of this show. I've been doing it for 4 years. In the last 6 months, I started to notice a shift in the conversations. Things that the guests would talk about was different. The common message was that we had entered this new period of time where the rules to be successful and have a great business and a great life had fundamentally shifted and changed. And so I started to realize that we had entered a new era. And so a couple of weeks ago, we launched a secret newsletter called New Era that pulls together stories, supporting documents, step-by-step guides, even unseen footage from the show, and we send it to you in your inbox every single week. And so, if you want to be involved, just go to the link in the description, plug in your email, and you will get an issue of our new era newsletter every single Monday in your inbox. Thank me later. Let's get back to the show. I would say there's first of all, you have to use AI every day in your life. You have to force yourself to learn about these products, how they work, how to prompt them. You need to be following at least a few people that talk about AI on Tik Tok or Instagram every day so you can keep up with it, but use it. Um, I I've always said like you'll get a job if you know how to use AI because you'll walk into that interview at any company in the world and if you could prove to that interviewer in 5 minutes that you're going to bring 5 to 10 people worth of skills and bandwidth to that job, they're going to hire you. They're going to hire you. All you have to do is show that you can bring five to 10 people worth of work. Uh, because you're really good at using tools. you're really good at using AI. A and and you know I was you know I was out here in LA with my uh two partners in my restaurant group. You know we have restaurants in Dallas and I talk about the fact that there will be millions millions of new businesses created in the next decade with the help of AI and robotics. I'll just share one of you one of them with you. Like we were complaining because we got a Yelp review. Not a Yelp review. We got a Door Dash review saying that, you know, they got the wrong food in their delivery order from one of my restaurants and they gave us a one star. We were like, "How [sighs] does that even happen?" Like, how do we miss an entire piece of an order? And I was like, "This is ridiculous." Like, >> by the way, one out of every five orders I get from Door Dash or Uber Eats is wrong. >> Yeah. >> It's so annoying. It's bad for the restaurant. It's bad for Door Dash and Uber Eatats. And it's bad for the customer at home. and they probably end up ordering less because of it, right? I was like, why can't someone just take a $20 camera, modify some AI, stick the camera right above the kitchen where we prep the the to- go orders, give it access to the Uber Eats and Door Dash orders. The camera will utilize AI to assess if the order is being prepped properly based on what it knows the customer ordered. and will literally have a green light say, "Yep, you did that one right. It's approved. >> Done." >> Someone can build that company right now themselves using, you know, tweaking AI and using some $20 camera, package it, market it, take it to a restaurant, get it going. that company will hire people because there is logistics involved with dealing with fragmented restaurant owners pack, you know, giving this stuff out, selling it. That's one of the million companies that's going to get started. >> Sounds like a headache to me. I'm not going to start it. But if someone else wants to start it, please do and call me. I'll be your first customer. >> Yeah. But I mean I I'm I would imagine Door Dash or Uber Eates will buy you out pretty quickly because you you'll be a game changer for them. Could you imagine like imagine if you're on the app, you're on the Door Dash app and you can see a little icon by the restaurants that have AI validation that your order was prepped perfectly. Would you not be more likely to order from that restaurant? Well, then you know what happens that those restaurants get more business. Now all the restaurants have to enact this new technology. So what I'm trying to get at is this is why I'm optimistic. Okay? No, AI is not going to displace every human in the next 5 10 years. It's just going to make everything so much more efficient and productive that everything we think about enterprise, everything we think about companies and products and brands and services is going to radically change. It's going to turn upside down the same way the internet did, right? And all of a sudden, the amount of opportunity out there is just going to be massive because so many of these companies that I'm talking about would have been too expensive to start before. The risk was too high. Without the AI, that company I just told you about, the teams that you would have to hire, the money you would have to raise to start that company, it would have been insane. It would have been too risky. So that company probably would have never materialized. But in the age of AI, we can start companies for next to nothing because the intelligence layer is essentially free. >> So what you have to do is just put pieces together, connect dots, find problems, put the pieces together, institute them. That still requires humans and I believe is going to require humans pretty much forever. Okay. So to me that's really exciting because now we could essent because we have millions of problems that need to be solved and entrepreneurs are really good at solving problems but often coming up with a solution to a problem does not necessarily make a great business because the business model itself might not work. It might not be profitable. You might have to raise too much money. The business doesn't make enough money. But if the intelligence layer is free, we can now solve millions of problems and they could become hyperefficient businesses. >> Yeah. >> You know, I I I think this is important because what you just mentioned and the idea that you mentioned um around like if your if your order that you got from Door Dash was actually AI verified that this was perfect. It reminds me very similar to what like StockX did in the sneaker resell market, right? is that we're gonna verify that these Jordans that you bought online are legitimate and real. Like that's a potentially billion dollar. >> Now more now more Jordans are getting transacted online. Yeah. >> I mean, could you imagine how much larger the Door Dash business would be if every order was perfect? >> Like it's just But because everyone's making more Listen, my restaurant had to pay for that order. We got we I think we had to refund. We got $38 had to get sent back. So, we just lost $38. >> That's not good for us. It's definitely not good for the customer. All these costs eventually go back to the customer, right? Um, by the way, it's not good for Door Dash. It's just bad for everyone. Yeah. Right. So, like we all win. That's what I'm trying to say. In almost every one of these situations, everybody wins. Companies win, investors win, customers win, we all win. If you look at AI and what it's going to do at the end of the day, pretty much everybody wins in every single case. >> You you mentioned that and like protecting those people, helping those people. And so one of the things and kind of like the step one that you mentioned is that people should be using AI every day. Can you kind of speak to the opportunity that exists right now in using AI agents? kind of how far along that process we are. And then when we talk about people that want to build things, build businesses, be ready for like this new world, this AI world that we're moving into, how critical of a piece is AI agents and learning how to use them in that process? I would say agents are everything right now. Um, and all it really means when we talk about AI agents is rather than relying on you to continue to prompt every single thing that you want to do with the AI, you could simply lay out an objective and the artificial intelligence will create agents, essentially AI people, um, that will then start to carry out that task and interact with you ac across the range. of that task. So, it's not just on you anymore. Uh you have an agent that's working on this task and an agent that's working on this task and if they need help or if they want to inquire about a, you know, uh a fork in the road, they'll communicate back with you and say, "Hey, we kind of hit this fork in the road. We're kind of thinking we should go this way with it. What do you think?" Um, but you essentially have an AI workforce like digital people working for you and it's not on your shoulders anymore to kind of carry the prompting of the AI from A to Z. It's doing the majority of the work for you and it allows you to do multi-step processes. It's like if you're building a business uh or if you're working on a really hard problem that doesn't have like a very easy start point and end point, agents can do everything. They can create organizations and businesses and run them for you. They're essentially can do anything. I'm going to tell you a story that melted my mind two weeks ago with AI agents because everyone's so skeptical about this. Like I talk about what you can do with agents and there's an infinite number of people saying like that's BS. It's not that easy. You can't do it. Yes, you can. Yes, you can. [sighs and gasps] I was in Hawaii filming a YouTube this crazy YouTube thing uh a few years a few weeks ago. Uh one of the guys that was there with me was this energy trader out of Texas. His name is Bill Perkins and he went down a really really deep path with Agentic AI and he set up a whole system. I think he has 12 agents that are doing stuff for him basically 24 hours a day and we were watching these surfers during one of our breaks kind of on the edge of a cliff by the beach and he's telling me about all this stuff he built and he could essentially rebuild any website in the world in minutes, right? He's like any anything that you're writing that you want to be better like. So he's like, "Give me a website." Uh that's that that's just really bad. You know, my mom is uh writes books and she has a website for all of her books and she built the website herself on Wix. And I said, "Well, my mom's website is really bad." and he basically put it through his system and it optimized the website for what it should be based on the objectives that she actually has, how she should be communicating on the website, what the layout should actually look like, what links should actually do, how the SEO should be optimized, and it's just basically rebuilt what she should do. Now, normally you would take all this and you would take it to a website firm and say, "Hey, can you enact this?" He said, "Do you want me to build that site now for her in the next 45 minutes?" So I was like, "What?" He said, "Yeah, I'll have my agents build it. It'll probably take about 45 minutes and we'll just do it right here off my on his phone on his phone." [snorts] And so he's speaking into his phone to his agents on on a Mac Mini at his house, right back in Texas. And he's like, "Hey, I want to do this thing for my buddy's mom. Here's her site. She writes these books. I already had the system run through and assess what the site should be to be optimized. there's a lot of work to be done and I I'm going to give he said just give me your mom's login to Wix. Just give me her login. I got it for him. Here's the login to her Wix. He says, "I want you to start by reading the entire Wix manual so you know how to co do all the coding and that website platform and then just do it." And it wouldn't do it at first. It was like, "Oh, we can't hack into a site. Absolutely not." You know, that's not And then he convinced her, no, I'm here with the guy his mom like, you know, we convince it to do the work. This is where like we're in a gray area still, right? Like nothing's clean. nothing's clean yet. Just because nothing's clean yet and because, you know, maybe nine out of 10 people that would try to do this maybe wouldn't be successful, doesn't mean it can't be done. And it doesn't mean that 10 out of 10 people won't be able to easily do it in 6 months once it gets a little easier and we work out some of the kinks. >> So, in 45 minutes, that site has been completely rebuilt. Blew my mind. Blew my mind. Him having a few conversations back and forth using voice on his mobile phone. and it actually recoded the site, put it live, and this all happened in 45 minutes. Like, so don't tell me we can't do astonishing things right now. Like, I could not even believe it. And man, is that site good relative to what it was. >> Yeah. >> So, and listen, but there's a billion examples. So, are there some things that we can't do with the Gentic AI right now? Yes. Are there a lot of things where if we try to do them it the system sometimes breaks and it's a little bit ownorous? Absolutely. Uh but are there a lot of things we could do right now and it will never get worse than this. >> Yeah. >> Right. So like and it's changing every week. This is the biggest thing to ever happen. This is like actually so insane. the type of investments that I make with observational investments that we're talking about right now, my entire processes. I wrote a book about it. Uh Jack Schwagger wrote a chapter on it in Unknown Market Wizards, which I recommend everyone read if they want to go deep on my methodology. There are people, I know of at least eight of them that have basically put all of my content, all of my methodology into an agentic AI system and they have created versions of me that actually now go out and do this. They are reading Tik Tok comments. They're trying to detect shifts and changes in the world. And when they detect changes, they're now trying to validate that those changes are real and meaningful uh and what companies it would actually impact and that they are then suggesting trades. >> That's happening right now. It's wild. I've actually seen it. Uh like I've seen some of these sites working. >> It's freaking me out obviously. Fortunately, you know, like I I still believe I have an edge and I I don't think these systems will become super proficient at this because the world is so large, there's so much to see. There's a lot of nuance interpretation and ultimately even if a system feeds you that information, how much conviction do you have in it to actually trade? I think we still have a number of years left when ordinary people can do what I do really successfully with or without an AI system. >> Yeah. Uh your friend your friend was he using uh open claw in order to execute that? >> Uh I don't know. Bill per I asked him that. He uses a few different things. Uh Bill Perkins he's like in addition to being an energy trader he's like a weird genius and he's just really he's really resourceful and inquisitive, >> right? And I say that one of the best talents to have right now is to be an inquisitive person who's resourceful. Uh you can't lose right now >> because you will learn and you will figure it out and you can like I think there's millions of companies to start like millions of them. They're all very small. Most are small. Most of these companies are probably going to generate hundreds of thousands to a few million in profit a year. But none of these companies were possible before AI because they were none of them would have been efficient enough to operate as a company. They would have been too cumbersome, required too much capital. They don't generate enough profits. The problems that we're solving with these new companies that are going to start are too small >> to validate having a venture scalable company behind them. But in the age of AI, these are companies that anyone could start. So I think we're going to have millions of new CEOs >> working in one to 10 person companies the next decade. You know what I um because right in the beginning of this conversation we we said that it's kind of a you said we're in the age of like the outsiders you know and I think even in um one of the when we talk about like uh limiting beliefs and almost like mentality blockers I think that for a lot of people and I speak with them and I see them in the the comments and I meet them in real life like the everyday person who's not technical they don't have you know they're not they don't have a coding degree they're not a software engineer here and they hear terms like a agentic AI and it just sounds so like it sounds like you have to have a certain level of expertise and like coding knowledge and so if someone's listening to this conversation and they even internalize what you mentioned around people that are like inquisitive and resourceful are going to absolutely crush it in this age that we're going into and they just want to spend like a couple of hours this weekend just you know playing around with like an AI agent or trying to build one that could take one workflow um kind of create some more time for them in their life. Is there a recommendation or like a tool like I'm curious even how you started like what's the easiest way that someone can just start using this technology? There's only one way and it's to open up any LLM you want [snorts] and say, "Hi. This is what I want to do. How do I start? What AI do I use? What are my first steps?" Let the AI take you through that journey. It shouldn't be me, right? Like I think there are a number of content creators out there that talk about this stuff all day long and there's millions of videos on YouTube, but the truth is it's shifting so quickly. The videos that came out two months ago are no longer relevant. I would start with your with Chad GBT, start with Claude and just say I want to learn about this stuff. I want like how do I get started with this agentic stuff? Like where do I start? Just talk to it. Um that's the way you do it now. That's what's so crazy. Like, it will just tell you. And by the way, if you've been using it, it probably knows you better than I know you. So, it will even know how to explain it to you in a way that I can't in this interview. Um, because every person is different. And I would ask it see like, hey, I I want you to help how do I learn? What's the best way for me with everything that you already know about me? You know, my job, you know, my skill set, you know what I do? How do I start? You know, my budget level. How do I start? Just and always start off these prompts by saying ask me anything you need to ask me so that we can do this in the best way possible. I think I want to learn Agentic AI, but I don't even know what I should be asking you right now. So, can you please ask me anything that you need to ask me so that we can get started on this journey together and I could learn how to do this? cuz I think I might want to start a business someday using these agents, these AI agents, but I don't know anything about them right now. And I'm scared and I'm freaked out cuz I'm not a coder. I'm a plumber. >> You know what I'm saying? Like, like, can you help me through this, man? Is it good at that? It's so good at that right now. >> Yeah. You know what, Chris? Before we get out of here, I'm I'm curious about what's next for you. And and and the reason that I ask that is I think about where you started, you know, I think about um like that those first investments that you made. And I'm sure even for you at that time, it was hard to imagine that you would have achieved the things that you've done and the the rooms that you're in and like the impact and the people that you reach and also the fact that you did it all while being a bit of a misfit, a bit of an outsider, the ultimate underdog. And so when you put everything within that perspective and within that story, I'm so curious if you have a what your thought is on what happens next. Yeah, I'm going through a major life pivot. That's for sure. Um I am finally at a point in my life where I've done all the things that I thought I would probably never be able to do. Uh I have all the stuff. I have everything I wanted to achieve personally. I I feel like I have for myself. So now I could do anything I want and I've been thinking about this for a couple years. Like what should it be, right? Like obviously I'm I'm I'm laser focused on my foundation. I talk about it a lot. You know, I want to have a large foundation for, you know, people that need are in most in need. In the case of my foundation, it's pediatric causes. It's animal welfare. It's it's elder care. The people that are most relying on others to help them. Uh I want to continue to spread the story of anyone and everyone should invest for themselves. You have to become part of the investor class. It's the only way we'll ever solve the wealth gap is by get bridging every human on earth into the investor class. And right now the only thing preventing that is an intimidation factor that has been established by institutional Wall Street over the past 50 or 60 years that I'm trying to break down. Um which is why I do stuff like this. I feel that humans are going to become, as I said, incredibly important in the age of AI, which again is a counter thesis to what everyone else thinks. I think humans will become more important than we've ever been. Uh I think creative humans are going to be amongst the most interesting kind of facets of this AI age. uh because people while they will love and embrace robotics and automation, artificial intelligence for all the things it's going to do for our world, I think we will equally thirst for you things that are real in humanity, right? And so I think content creators and podcasters are an undervalued asset class right now. I think in 10 years we will have many many hundreds of podcasters that will be valued like athletes are today. Hundreds of millions of dollars each. We've only we've seen a couple of these happen with like Call Her Daddy, right? And and another recent one by Open AI valued in the hundreds of millions. I think we're just getting started. Uh, and I think some of the most brilliant creative people are afraid to step into this space because they're intimidated by it. And I want to help kind of bridge that gap. So, you know, one of the things I'm working on is a a a way to help content creators uh in the space become podcasters and areas where I think we need more and better podcasters, where we need to use better data, uh better processes. I just think we're in the earliest age of new media. >> Like, if you look at the history of media and how it's grown over the past 80 or 90 years, it's dead now. and we're in the first few years of new media and yeah, we have millions of podcasters, but we're all just kind of doing stuff rogue, >> learning on our own. There's no real like like we're not really sharing insights. Uh I think there are very few people in the podcasting space that are using best-in-class data methodologies to kind of sculpt how they program uh their content. Uh, I I just think we're barely scraping the surface. And I think when in history could you throw a few million dollars at something and potentially have a top 20 global media property because you do do it better than everyone else. >> Yeah, >> that could happen today in 12 months. >> Yeah. >> How wild is that? Like you couldn't start competing against ABC, NBC, CBS 25 years ago. You couldn't start a competitor and be at their level in a year. >> You can do that now. Yeah. you can be that in in 6 to 12 months if you care enough, right, to to actually do it right. And so, like I love creative people. I the one thing I found out about myself is the thing that I enjoy more than anything else in the world is being around awesome, fun, creative, ambitious people. And so like if I'm going to spend the next 5 to 10 years of my life working on something new, I want that thing to be with the type of people that I love, >> right? So I'm going to do something that is in a sector where I get to be around these people that inspire me, right? People that are fun, people that are interesting. So why wouldn't I pick that as the next sector? You know, it's funny is as much as I love the collecticon business, people are shocked to hear that I don't collect Pokemon cards. I don't do any of that stuff. So, while I love the business element of what we built and created, it was not my world. And I spent 5 years in a world that wasn't a world that I enjoyed. So, the next thing I do, uh, I'm trying to pick a world that I enjoy. And I enjoy this. I enjoy talking to guys like you, right? Like I >> I enjoy other younger content creators that are trying to make it, right? And they need some help. >> So like >> I'm I'm excited uh for what's to come because I think there's never been a better time for a single individual person that wants to do something big to to do it, >> right? like you can do whatever you want and it's not just me like the number of entrepreneurs I have met over the past 18 years as a v as a vent I'm invested in 170 startups right the number of entrepreneurs I have met who had the greatest ideas they were so energetic they were just like the maybe the problem they were trying to solve wasn't big enough for me to invest or more times than not I'm like god I love this person, but I don't think they can raise enough capital. I don't think they can manage an IT team. I don't think they can do all the things that I know need to be done to make this business a success. So, I didn't invest in them. I would say for every one entrepreneur founder that's like has the right thing and is the right person, there's probably a thousand that are equally exciting but just didn't make sense for the old world. All those people make sense in the new world of AI because now they don't need anyone. Now that whole layer is gone. They could just they could the problem they want to solve is big enough now in this new world and they don't need an IT team. They don't need to go raise 10 million in VC. I don't need they don't need to do any of that. They could just be excited about solving a problem, be resourceful and solve it and be a successful entrepreneur in the new world and make I don't know 300,000 or three million a year doing it and maybe they have a couple of employees. >> Yeah, >> that that's pretty cool and fun. I think >> exciting. It's exciting. >> There are millions there will be millions of those people. The new world is going to look so dramatically different than what we're accustomed to. People just don't see it yet. We're not going to have the type of companies we had before, right? I think we're going to have millions of these pods of people doing cool things, right? >> It's a new paradigm. >> Chris Camilillo, thank you so much, man. This was great. This was great. And you know what? It's actually um I was going to say this to you after hearing uh your new thesis. Uh it sounds like you and I have to have a conversation. Um because yeah, I I feel the same way. I feel uh like we're in the early stages and that's incredibly exciting when you're like you're saying you're seeing podcasts going for hundreds of millions dollars, you know. Um >> there will be more a lot more. >> Yeah. Yeah. Chris Camilo, thank you so much, man. >> Thank you. It's been fun. >> So, if you enjoyed this conversation and you want to hear even more stories like this, then just click here. And also, my team is going to put some more videos that you can watch here. Thank you.