You can see right here that all I said was Claude, take this post, study it, and create an Instagram carousel post. And then I dropped the URL here and I fired off. Then it went ahead and researched the story, summarized everything, and in just a few minutes, you've got the carousel ready for you. It even gave me an engaging cover image that is specific to the story. Not only that, but it laid out all the content in beautiful page like this where I can just click one button and you can post it directly to Instagram. And if I wanted to repurpose it to five other social platforms, it could cuz it understand the workflow and how to optimize it for each platform. So today I'm going to be showing you how to set this up using Claude Code. And not only that, but how to even set up an automation where it will run this workflow daily. So when you wake up every morning, this will be ready for you to approve. And you can do this even if you're not technical. I created all this by just talking to Claude in plain English. So let's dive in. Now before we start creating, I want to give you some context on why this matters. So if you're selling any type of product or an app, you know how important content creation is to get eyeballs. But being consistent with content is hard. Coming up with ideas, putting everything manually together, and a lot of people eventually quit because it's time-consuming. But now you can automate 90% of that using Claude. So for today's example, we're going to create an automation for Instagram carousel. And by the way, you can basically do this for any type of social media content cuz once you understand this workflow, this logic can be applied to other types of posts. So you've probably seen this type of carousel that everybody's doing on Instagram now. And if you don't know, a carousel is basically a set of slides. So I've got this account that's getting a lot of views with this. And if you're into AI, you probably know this ChatGPT tricks. Basically daily updates of AI news. So they've got the cover page and then they've got the content in the following slides. And they're getting millions of views with this carousel format. And for today's example, we're going to create something similar like this, but not just based on random AI news, but let's do it specifically for updates related to Claude AI. Now in order to do this, we're going to need two tools. First, tool is Claude, who is going to act as the architect. So, you just need to communicate with Claude in plain English on whatever you want to create. Now, the one thing that Claude does not have is its own image generation model. So, we're going to need to connect it to a second tool called Higgsfield. And for those of you who are not familiar, Higgsfield is one of the most popular tools to create AI images and videos. They've got more than 30 different AI models, including the latest models like Mana Banana, ChatGPT Image 2, SeaDance 2.0. So, you don't need separate subscriptions to each of these models. But, you just need one Higgsfield account and you have access to everything. Now, what makes this actually powerful is that Claude now has an official MCP connector to Higgsfield. And this MCP connector is actually the key to make the automation happen. So, for example, let's say you want to create content about the latest Claude updates. So, every single day, I can create an automation where Claude goes to this X account, grab the latest update, and summarize it and structure it for social media post. And it's going to automatically create a detailed prompt, send it to Higgsfield through the MCP connector, which will then use the latest GPT-2, or if you're doing a video, you can use SeaDance 2.0, and put everything together nicely always. And with that, you have this automation running every morning, ready for you to approve when you wake up. And I've been running this for the past 3 days, and it's giving me all the latest stories every single day for me to just approve and download it for Instagram. So, I think that's the real power, and this will save you 90% of your time doing content creation. So, let's start setting up some things. Now, for any new project that you're working on, I always recommend connecting to a folder. So, I'm going to close this right here, and then click here, and then open new folder. And then you just want to create a brand new folder. And for this project, I've already created a folder called carousel. So, I'm going to click on this, hit open, and it's going to show that it's connected to that folder. Now, the other thing that you need to set up is your connection to Higgsfield. So, first, you want to go to Higgsfield, and you want to just create a basic account, so you'll have some credits to work with. And by the way, I've got the link in the description below, so you have access to this tool. And once you set up the account, you're going to click on MCP, and then you want to make sure that you're on Claude, and then just follow the instructions here. So, I'm going to copy this link on the second tab here, and then I'm going to go back to Claude, and you want to go to settings, connectors, and then you want to hit customize here. Now, you'll see that I've already got Hicksfield connected, but if you're doing this for the first time, hit the plus button here, add custom connector, just call it Hicksfield, and then paste in that URL that you got from Hicksfield, and then you want to hit add. And that is it now for today. I want to walk you through each of the step that I took to be able to create every slide that you see here. So, let's start with the first image here. So, the first image is something that you need to think about cuz this is kind of the hook. You want this to be really catchy. So, if you look at the other accounts, they have this as the hook, or an image like this, or even this. So, I wanted to do something slightly different and maybe get a similar vibe to this. So, I simply asked Claude to, "Hey, create a image for the first slide of a young woman sitting down having breakfast in her house reading a story on a newspaper, and I want the topic of the story as a headline on the newspaper." Now, of course, it didn't give me a this perfect image on the first try. I went through a couple of iterations, and for the first image it gave me this, which is all right, but not great. It's got the font wrong. So, I had to feed it the actual font, the actual logo, and I wanted to add a mascot as well. And I just say, "Hey, please update the font, and I want these to be placed as an overlay on towards the bottom of the image." So, it gave me two more options, which is this one and this one. Uh I think this one's a bit better, but uh I don't like how the mascot looks. And after a few iterations, I got the image that I want. And once you get something like this, you can ask it to save this setting as a skill. So, the next image that it produces will have kind of the same vibe and all the same positions for the font and everything else. So, as you can see here, the second story is about Excel. Claude now can do Excel, and the third story is Claude live artifacts is insane. Now, if you notice what's nice about having the MCP connector to Higgs Field is that you're able to get all the images right on Claude here. So, you're not actually switching between two apps and downloading it, uploading it here. But, now you're able to view everything here. It gets displayed in line. So, if you wanted to edit something, you can simply ask it, "Hey, I don't like this one. Move the mascot here or change the lighting." You can just speak to Claude in plain English and it's going to create a very detailed prompt in the background and send that to Higgs Field on your behalf. And I think that's a much more efficient way of working. Now, for slide number two and three, which is the content, what I did was I gave it a reference style that I want. Maybe you found a design that you like. Put that into Claude and say, "Hey, I like this design. I want you to use this design for our content slides and put the summary of the stories here in these two images." So, before it generates the image here, I want it to give me a preview of the text so I can approve it and I can make changes to it. If you don't like the way that it's written, you can ask it to change it, make it more casual, or make it more elaborate. And once you're locked in on that, then you can ask Claude to fire it off to Higgs Field to create an image like this. Now, if you look at these slides for the content, you're going to see that not only that it summarize the story in text format, but it also added some visuals, right? So, you look at this one. This one is actually basically the post that it got the story from. So, I actually asked it to go to this post and take a screenshot of it, but I don't want anything else here. I just want the post and any image or video here, I want that to be included. And also maybe the amount of views that it gets. So, for this to happen, you got to enable browser use and you also want to install the Claude Chrome extension. So, it's going to physically go to your computer, open your Chrome browser, go to this page, and actually take a screenshot of the whole page in the format that I want. And then it's going to give it to Higgs Field. It's going to write the prompt and it's going to put everything together like this. So, I'm going to open this on the right panel here, and it was able to stitch everything nicely, and I think it looks really, really well designed. Now, for the next slide, I did something different here, where I just asked it to look for other stories from other websites that's covering this exact story, and look for an additional image. And just to show you where it got this image from, I actually found this website here, Geeky Gadgets. Talks about Claude with Excel AI, and actually grabbed the image from this website and put it here, which I think is really, really cool. Now, if you notice down here, with every story that I create, I ask it to create a video version of the first slide, cuz I think videos work better, in my opinion, with carousel, especially on the first slide, and it will just catch people's attention more quickly. So, I just took this image here, and I asked it to create a video, animate the character using the C Dance 2.0 model within Hixfield, and it was able to give me something like this. So, you've got the girl picking up the mug, sipping the coffee, putting it back down, and you've got a second behind her there. So, you can direct it to however you want it. And for the third one, I have something different here. I instead of the coffee, I just put a smoothie here, and have the girl wear a different color, so it looks more fresh, and it's not the same thing over and over again. So, that is something that you can also automate, create some rules with Claude. You can tell it to, "Hey, come up with a different color shirt for every single story, or you want to swap out the coffee with smoothie, sometimes with a brownie, or something like this." These things you can automate with Claude. Now, to make this even easier, I have already created a skill that you can download for free, put it into Claude, and you're going to be able to replicate this exact thing that I have here. And you can customize it to whatever content that you want to create. And for those of you who don't know what a skill is, I know if you're hearing this for the first time, this might sound confusing, but let's say you don't know how to make a burger, and I give you a recipe that allows you to make that burger. So, you'll know how to season the patty, how to grill a meat, what goes in first, what goes in last, what kind of sauce you need. So, the next time that you want to make a burger, you already know how to do everything cuz you already have that skill. So, you can think of a skill as a recipe that you can give to Claude. So, whenever you want to work on a specific task this, it knows exactly what to do and more importantly how you like to do it. Now, in order to download the skill, I'm going to put a link in the description below and just download that skill and put it in the folder that you created. So, a skill will be in this format. It's a dot md file. This stands for markdown file. It is actually just a text file with all the instructions on what to do. So, it knows exactly how to create this. Now, I'm going to go back to Claude and I'm going to make sure that I'm connected to this folder here that contains that skill and I'm just going to say run carousel skill and it's going to trigger that skill. Uh you want to trust workspace. It's going to read through that md file and it's going to give you a welcome sequence, right? And then it's going to give you two options whether you want to recreate what I have here exactly or do you want to take this workflow and build your own? And then you just want to talk to it and give all the assets, all the content that you're trying to create and just talk to it in plain English. Now, if you guys are wondering, what is this page that I have here? So, this is basically just a landing page that I created very very quickly. So, instead of having the results displayed here within Claude and when you have a really long chat, it gets really hard to actually go back and check the images. So, my prompt was very simple. I want to create a landing page in HTML that you can display all the results that we've been generating and I want two versions. I want the image version and the video version. And before I generate, I said, "Let me know if you know what I mean and confirm before you build anything." And it did give me a confirmation of that and I think it's good to do this because one, you know exactly if Claude understands your intent and you can see it right here. And number two, when you do this, you're going to save tokens, right? Otherwise, it's just going to create something that you don't want. You have to keep regenerating. So, it's good to always ask it to confirm if it understands the the task and ask you any clarifying questions if it has any. And once I did that, I was happy with the confirmation here and I got the thing that I wanted. Now, last but not least, I mentioned earlier in the video that I do have an automation that runs every single day. So, every day Claude will go to this X account and look for updates about Claude. Now, this is very easy to set up as well. So, if you go back to Claude, you want to open the sidebar here and you want to go up and click on something called routines. I already have this routine here, but let me just create a new one so you know exactly how to create this. So, you want to click on new routine and click on local and then just name it whatever you want. So, for this example, carousel example. And for description, I'm going to write the same thing, carousel example. And then instructions. So, I have this instruction ready and I'm going to paste in the instructions here. And by the way, this is available in the skill file that you're going to download as well. So, basically it's very simple. I'm asking it to check this X account within the last 24 48 hours and compare it against previous posts to make sure that you don't have duplicate posts about the same story. And it's going to research the story and it's going to create the carousel and update this landing page here on your local machine. So, it knows exactly what to do based on the workflow that you save in that skill file. Now, if you were to scroll down a little bit more, you can set how often you want this to run. So, you can run it manually, hourly, daily, whatever you want, right? So, for this example, I run it at 7:00 a.m. every morning. So, by the time I wake up, it's already done. And once you're done with this, you just hit create and then it's going to appear here. And one thing I like to make sure is that it's going to perform this without asking you for permissions. So, you want to just click on this and then here under permissions, just bypass permissions. So, it's not going to ask you for permissions every day cuz that kind of defeats the purpose, right? Hit save and it's updated. So, that's how this workflow works. This did take some iterations before I actually get something that I really like. But once you get it, you know, you can basically take this workflow and repurpose it to X, LinkedIn, or whatever you want to post. So, if you guys want to try this out, go ahead and download the skill file down below. And leave me a comment down below if you run into any issues. I read all the comments and I'll try to help you as best that I could. But if you learned something today, I highly appreciate it if you like the video and subscribe. I do videos like this every single week. And if you want to start building apps, I think you're going to enjoy this video next. So, click here and I will see you there.