I sold a $2,500 a month content service to a client using one cloud workflow. The client paid the same day and I build the entire offer in about an hour. So today I'm building the whole thing from scratch. I'm picking a niche, building a new offer, creating this agency, building all deliverables, and setting up the delivery system using AI. By the end of this video, you have everything you need to launch your own AI powered agency this week. And I will show you exactly why this model prints money compared to selling courses, PDFs, or trying to build AI agents. Right? So here is the business. I launched this in February. And let me quickly refresh the screen. So you see these are real transactions. And I don't scale this business very hard. I have other businesses as well that I run. So I don't really have much time to um dedicate to this business. However, I believe at some point it will be it will become my main business. As you can see, all the transactions are still here. All of them are are here. So this is the latest transaction that we'll be talking about today. Um I signed the client on 28th of May 2026. So we basically I will show you how to make it work. And there are a few things we need to talk about. First, obviously, why AI powered services and not PDFs or agents? And I know that right now many people on YouTube try to sell you this idea that it's much better to sell uh PDFs rather than services and stuff like that. But in reality, this is not a very easy business model. This is quite challenging and I want to tell you why. So, first let's compare two things. Here we have a service that I'm offering to a client and this client is paying $2,500 per month and this is the most crucial thing which is per month. However, if you are selling let's say PDFs, you're selling let's say one PDF for let's say 30 bucks, right? You need to go and every month fish for clients, look for them and sell this one PDF approximately 83 or 84 times just to make the same money that I'm making here with just one client. And I know some people will say, "But it's difficult to sign someone who will pay you that much every month." It's not difficult if you approach the right people. Like for example, if you have no money, even spending $1 for you is a problem. However, if you have money, sometimes even spending $100,000 for you is not a problem at all. So there's a big difference here. Once I sign the client, it all depends on me if they will stay with me. So if I provide good quality services, they will stay. They will keep paying month after month. However, here every month you need to start from zero and every month you need to fish for clients. Another thing is that in order to make it work, you need to have a lot of traffic. So either you need to go viral or you need to invest in ads, right? And investing in ads is nice, but the competition is just huge. So how it works really with ads? When you invest in ads and there's a lot of competition, everyone that is selling all those products has 100% profit margin because you created this product once, it's digital, so you don't need to worry about delivering it again and again because well, you made it once because and you don't need to do anything anymore. But because of that, it's also difficult to sell it because if you have your competition, you and your competitors all have the same margins. So all of you start from the same level. And if one of your competitors have more money or have more time to wait, they will outspend you. Because right now, let's say you have only this uh $30 of margin and you are not willing to go into red. So you're not willing to lose money on front end. However, someone who's for example making uh right now at least $100,000 per month, they have no problem in losing money on front end. So they are willing to spend even this whole $30 to acquire new client. Sometimes they are willing to spend even more. What I saw in the past was that if someone was selling products for $30, they were comfortable spending sometimes even $200 to acquire new customer. Why? Because they are selling something more expensive on a back end. So this one product that you can see on the front end is not really something that is making them money. It's just something that is qualifying people. So you know like you are getting leads for free. You're spend spending money to get leads. They're doing the same thing but they get leads that are qualified because these people already spend money. So the chances are that they will spend even more in the future. So this is the whole game. So now if you have just this one product here, you will not win with someone like that. They will spend more money because they can. Your margins will basically fade away and at certain point you will not have enough budget to advertise anymore. So you need to close your business. So that's why it's brutal. You need to spend money in order to make money. But if you don't have any other product with just this one product, you will not be uh able to sustain your business. So how it so the model with PDFs usually work like this. You have your PDF, you sell it, for example, for 30 bucks, right? But then you still need to sell something more expensive, for example, something for $1,000. Obviously, only a few people will take it and it will take some time in order for them to to buy it. But this is how this game works. So this is very complex because now if you just think about optimizing this one product, you have landing page, you have your offer, you have deliverables, you have pricing, you have bonuses and you need to optimize all those things in order to sell just this one thing. This takes a lot of work just to make this one part of your funnel successful. On the other hand, if I have this one product, I don't need to worry about all those things because I have real conversations with people and because of that is much easier to sell. We buy from people. We don't buy from machines. And if you want to sell, if you want AI to sell everything for you and do everything for you, you will need to optimize all of these steps that we are talking about here in order to make uh this one sale and then you also need to make uh more sales on the back end. So you need to prepare another funnel and more sales pages and more offers in order to make it work. So I just want to have one offer that I can sell and that will be recurring every single month. This is the huge power and that's why we sell um AI powered services not PDFs. And when it comes to agents, it's the same thing. Most of agents do absolutely nothing useful. I would say 99% of all AI agents are not very useful. They can create stuff, they can do things, but ultimately they are not producing ROI. and we are successful here and we scale because we provide services that actually move a needle that generate more revenue that are let's say speeding up the whole process whatever that is we are outcome oriented so this is exactly why you should sell AI powered services rather than uh PDFs or AI agents so now let's talk about how to find your niche and to find your niche you need to have two things first is obviously your experience and also problem that you want to solve and there are a few problems that in my opinion are worth solving and these problems can be classified as three different ways or three different paths. So the first path is that you make people more money. The second path is that you save them money and the third path is that you help them reduce the churn rate so they can keep more money from let's say their current customers or clients whatever that is. So these are in my opinion the only three ways that matter and this is what most people get wrong. A lot of people will be selling for example um you know websites or those thumbnails or those video editing but those things don't really move the needle. Yeah, you can have the website but if you just have a website and it costing you a lot to you know have this website um at certain point your clients will leave you because you're not producing you're not generating money for them. Much better would be selling landing pages or funnels if you want to have something like that but just websites it's very outdated and you cannot make much money from it. The same with thumbnails or with editing. If you are just selling video editing, thumbnails, um it will be very difficult for you to keep your clients for a long time because again you're not moving the needle in their business. You are just uh giving them something that can be replaced very easily. So let's say if someone approaches them and now they offer lower rates than you are offering, then the then the client will leave you because why shouldn't they stay with you if everyone else can deliver exactly the same thing that you that you can deliver. So now we need to find a problem and also a niche. So, let's start something like that. Find a niche that I can help get more money, save more money, or help them keep their clients for longer. Make sure they invest in marketing and have money to spend, aka make at least $2 million per year. I want you to give me five niches I can start helping. So this is not the exact prompt from the workflow. Workflow is obviously this available in the description you would like to get it but something like that is a good starting point. Now we also need to say what are our skills. So let's say my skills are you don't even need to have those skills but in my opinion it's good to actually add them. Um we can say paid ads especially meta ads. Uh we can also say YouTube content or content creation. We can also say thumbnail designing. We can also say video editing. Uh B2B lead generation especially with cold email. You get the point. You're just writing those skills. And now we can just wait for the niche. Uh obviously Claude will find certain niches. We'll have a we will need to wait a few seconds though. And when it's ready I'll just let you know what are those niches. Okay. So here we have a few niches. cosmetic dentist and dental implant practices. So, as you can see, um average revenue for established practice is between$2 to5 million per year, which is great. And they also spend a lot on meta ads, which is here between $10,000 to $30,000 a month. This is normal for them. So, this is great um example of a niche. Uh they have money um they spend on marketing. So it will be quite easy for you to sell your services if your services are actually you know generating the more um in this case patients and you don't really need to be worried that your niche is saturated because if your niche is not saturated then I would be worried but we'll talk about it in a second. Then a second one we have met spas and aesthetic clinics. Again they are making between$3 to $10 million per year. they are spending on ads. As you can see, the meta ads is their primary acquisition funnel. And here is also uh that they are selling high ticket purchases between $500 to $5,000 per treatment. Again, very good niche. They're selling high ticket. Um so this is a niche worth going after. We have registered investment advisors or wealth management firms. Again, they are making between 2 million to $20 million per year. And as you can see, the big problem, they usually don't spend money on content uh or quality content. So again, there is a possible gap that we can fill in the market. When we have B2B SAS companies, they're making between $3 million to $10 million per year. And they also spend a lot of money on ads because they need to acquire more people, especially that the um service is already built or actually the software. So now the only thing that they need to do is to uh spend more money on marketing. So they are always open to listen about uh marketing. However, this niche is also a little bit more competitive. Everyone wants to sell to software companies because well, they all need clients. But still, if you have a good offer and a good way to reach out to them, you it will work. And I'll show you in a second how you reach out to them. And then commercial roofing and restoration companies, again, very great target. This target was working well for many years for many people. They're making between 5 to$20 million per year. So, it's great. They spend m they spend money on ads as well. Um, and here in this case, the best way to reach out to them will be just calling them. They don't respond to emails that often. However, when I was trying to reach out them before, it was quite well. I was using cold email, but u again I would say cold calling works better. However, Clo says that cold email is highly effective for reaching these businesses. So, it's probably also worth trying. So, here we have niches um and it also shows what is the the best uh idea or best niche for you. So, the best case or the best niche would be the first one, then the second one, the third one, the fifth one, and the fourth one. So just pick one and just focus on one of them. So let's say you focus on uh this niche. So we can just take this one. So so far we have a niche. Now let's go to the next step which is building your offer. So to build your offer the most important part is that you sell the output. You don't sell the process or the product. People don't really care about the product. They only care about the solution or they only care what they get from it. So for example, you can even handle flyers on the street. If you will make money in a business, they will invest in your solution. It doesn't really matter what is the product or the process, they want the output. So they want more clients, more patients, more appointments, whatever it is or let's say less churn, uh less lost clients, less spend money on taxes, whatever that is. Then package it simply and make it obvious. Make it an obvious win, right? Um and here are examples of two offers I was selling for my clients. And here I just sent uh 1,400 emails. Open rate was nearly 80% and reply rate was 8%. and I have seven booked calls from it. So, considering the value of a deal for this client was nearly $84,000. And here is also another one where I sent uh just 752 emails. Reply rate was over 11% and as you can see I generated 37 opportunities which are basically call which is very high for this kind of uh prospects. And the pipeline value, it's not revenue generated, but it's how much were all these leads uh valued is over $400,000 and close rate uh I believe for this client, it was around 20% on those leads. So it was quite good for for this client. Now let's build offer for you. So let's head back to uh Claude and we have already a niche. So now we need to say something like okay this is our niche. Now I want you to find a business name for my agency, the offer I should provide, pricing, and how quickly I can sign the first client. So as you can see, this is the second step. This very easy. Cloud is doing 80% of the work for us. So now we will know exactly what should be the offer, what should be the pricing. So they accept the pricing and you know it's not something too expensive or too cheap for them and how quickly we can also sign the client. So probably in one or two minutes I'll show you the full uh response and we'll package the offer correctly. Right. So here we have a few names. We have case flow media, we have implant engine and also chairfield. Chairfield is interesting. I would say it's a little bit corny but also quite interesting. Um case flow media sounds nice but I was I'll probably change it to something uh different but chairfield. Yeah, let's let's pick Cherfield. So, um the name will be Cherfield. And now let's see the offer. So, now the offer don't sell YouTube videos or meta ads, sell the outcome. So, it's basically more high value implant cases walking through the door and a case flow system, a done for you content and patient acquisition engine for implant practices. So, what you will get? You will get four YouTube videos per month. So, okay, this is all done for them. Meta ads management. This is nice. monthly strategy and reporting. This is good and this is interesting because the optional add-on can be that you can build a referral pipeline for them. This is also quite interesting. Most implant practices get 30 to 50% of their cases from GP referrals and almost none of them systematically prospect for those relationships. So this add-on can be worth a lot and it's also easy easy job. So the ROI pitch uh is quite simple. One implant case is worth $5,000 to $20,000. So a full arch. So it's basically four all of all on four is $25 to $50,000. So even if the system brings in even two or three extra cases per month that this is additional $10 to $60,000 in production against let's say a $4 or $5,000 investment. So we know how much we should be charging for this service. So now here's the pricing. You have $4,500 per month free month commitment minimum. So this is the cost for them or how much you can charge for this service if you if you target this specific target. And it's quite easy to justify the value because well you just say how much money they can get from these services and they also need to work with you for a longer time to actually see the result. So um you can start by saying okay we don't need to do this commitment we are just getting started you can just build a monthly but you need to say uh but you need to mention your offer that they need to stay with you for this three months to actually see results and see the system kick in. Um so this is basically what you should do and this is also a good math on your end. So, as you can see, if you charge this kind of money with just three or four clients, you're making 13 to let's say $18,000 per month recurring. Recurring is the most important word here. So, speed to first client. So, here is how much it will take. Obviously, there is all information about it, but we don't really need to pay attention. Realistic timeline, you can sign your first client in 30 to 45 days because, you know, they need to uh have a conversation maybe with the marketing team, maybe with the owner. um you need to wait for them to get paid, sign an agreements, all this kind of stuff. Um also to reach the right people because you need to reach out to them. So let's say in 30 days you can sign your first client, which is not bad because in 30 days you can get a client that will pay you $4,500 per month, which in my opinion is quite good. So now we have our niche and we have offer. So let's see what will be the next step. Now how to find leads? This is very important. Your prospects are already looking for your solutions, already pay for your solutions because they run ads. So the most important part here is that you don't need to reinvent the wheel. You just need to give them what they are already using but packaged in a better way or on a better level. So how to find your leads? You can simply write in Google Meta Ads library. Then click this link and you'll be able to see all ads that people are running. Then obviously you want to pick a country where you operate. In this case it's going to be United States. All categories. And then you can just write your keywords. So for example, dentist. And then you will see what kind of ads are here. And if you see that this those ads don't look that great or the website is not that great or something doesn't work, you can just reach out to them and basically try to offer your services. This is very easy. There are also other ways to find leads, but this is pretty much the easiest one. Um, so let's say you don't like certain ads. Let's say for example, this one is not perfect. Um, it would be better to uh, you know, position a little bit differently. This is not bad. We can see a big difference before and after. This always uh work well. This one I don't really know what's what's going on here. This is okay. So this is admade for phones. Um I would say it should be a little bit better. So all you have to do is to take let's say uh the company that in your opinion is good enough to reach out to because the you know they they obviously spending money on ads. So when you pick a company let's say we have here one of them. Um here are some emails some contact information where you can call them. You can uh send an email. However, I think you should find an owner first and send an email to an owner because when you send emails to this kind of uh emails, usually you will not get the best results. But this is how you can find your leads. There also other ways. My favorite way is to use Apollo.io. Um you can you can find founders or directors of marketing here on this platform. So it's very useful as well. When you log into Apollo, you will be able to use a lot of uh features here. You can also use it for free. I'm right now using the free tier as well. And you have also some filters. So you can pick if the emails should be verified. Obviously later in later on you also need to verify them by yourself. But you'll get better quality emails with that open. Then job title. So it might be founder owner or whatever name, you can pick location, you can pick niche, keywords, everything. And then you'll get you'll find basically people that are owners in those companies. So this is very very simple. And as you can see here, we have over 200,000 leads that are just owners or founders of companies uh located in the United States between seven and 30 employees. So now all you have to do if you find the right people just click on them, access the email and send them an email. So this is how you can find all your leads. Um this is this you don't need to re you don't need to make it very complicated. Doesn't have to be. This is one way. There are also others but I want to show you let's say two uh easy ways how you can get started. Now, how to land your first paid client. This is very important because you need to reach out to them somehow. And there are a few ways. Obviously, you can use Upwork. Upwork is great. I also have profile there. But not all offers work on Upwork. It depends how much competition is there. But there are certain offers that certainly work well on Upwork and certain offers that don't work at all. For example, when I was selling paid ads on Upwork, it was quite challenging. But when I was selling script writing services, it was quite easy. So you need to check basically if Upwork works for you and for your offer. If not then you can also just use cold email and reach out to people. So those first way basically Upwork. Another option is to use instantly.ai. And this is platform for cold email. So you can warm up your inboxes here. You need to warm up your inboxes because if you start sending code email to people that don't know you, you will end in spam. So you need to warm up those inboxes. Instant is probably the best platform for it. The pricing is also not that bad when you consider how much money you can make from it. And basically inside you can have your email accounts. I already have a few that I'm warming up so I don't want to show all of them all my accounts. Here you can have campaigns and in campaigns uh you obviously have your sequences. So here are some sequences I was just testing. Um here is one of the emails I was sending to prospects on this list. It was working quite well and this basically what you want to do. Obviously um all this brackets here is not something that prospects see because when you uh remove it they'll basically this is the whole email they will see. So basically here is email and the whole email and this is very easy because you can create all your campaign here. Then you can also create subsequences. So subsequence is something that can happen if someone is for example interested. So they will respond they are interested or you mark them manually that they're interested and then it will start receiving those emails here for example to book a call with you. So you don't need to spend your time on responding to people. You can just send them templated response when they are interested. So you need to be actually quite smart about your messages. So it's like a funnel but without fitting them like it's funnel. For example, you ask them, would you like to see how it might work for you? They respond yes. So then you can send a case study or you can um ask them to book a call to show them how it might work for their business because it's personalized work and stuff like that. And to be honest, these five steps that you just seen are enough to start lending clients. But this is not enough to get you to, let's say, $10,000 or even more. This is enough to get you, let's say, one, two, or even free paid clients, but there is more than that. So this is how you land your first client. Obviously I don't have time to show you everything and how to write your code emails but we already have an offer um which is basically uh the offer here deliverables and you can also do the same thing for uh with cloth. So we can ask to write your campaign. So now we can just say the name will be chill. I want you to write a short code email campaign to show them the value of my service and convince them to book a call with me so I can prepare a personalized strategy for their business. Now we just need to wait for the strategy. In one minute it will be probably ready. So I will show you this campaign. Um there are a few things that are important like cloud usually or any they don't really know how to write emails properly but we'll see what we'll get here. It should be good enough for um our initial campaign and to get started and from there you can start improving by yourself. So this is very important that you have something to begin with and later on you can just improve these campaigns to get better responses and better conversion rates. Okay. So here we have four email sequence build for instantly. IMA has a different angle and they are all in under 90 words which is very important. short enough to read on a phone between patients basically. We have first name, practice name, city, channel node and stuff like that. So here we assume they have channel. They don't need to have a channel. You don't need to offer content services. However, um I help people with making content and getting more leads from their content. So this is basically what I uh try to sell here. So here we have the first email. We have practice name YouTube. So for example um just smile YouTube channel or something like that. Hey, first name. I was looking at implant practices in city and came across a YouTube channel and here we have the channel note. So the channel note is basically one specific observation about their YouTube channel example 12 YouTube videos but nothing posted since March. So whatever that is you can ask AI to do the same thing. So you basically take their YouTube channel or transcriber of a video then you paste it into cloud and then you can say oh can you write one personalization for this email for this channel or for this video. This is very simple. So the content foundation is there, but there's no structure to turn viewers into book consultations. Titles, thumbnails, and video structure determine whether someone watches and picks up the phone or bounces to the next practice. So this is one email. It's all right. It it it clearly shows the value, shows that you know what you're talking about. So this is the first thing. Then we have the follow-up. So one implant case and again nice very short email on day three. Then we have the next email on day seven. Video idea for your practice name. And here we have uh you know the idea that they could record. Here we just give them free value. So this is an idea for their next um video, their next whatever that is the next ad, the next campaign depending on what target you're reaching out to. Here reaching out to dentist. So basically this is the next uh video idea for dentists. And here we also have the breakup email which is sent on day 12. So this is the whole campaign. Now you know what is your niche, what is your offer, how you should sell it. uh where to sell it and how reach out to your clients. So for example, the same emails that you see here, you can just take them and send them wherever else. If you find people on uh meta ads that run meta ads, basically you can send those emails in the private message or you can send them on Instagram or LinkedIn or X or it doesn't really matter where you can send a message. You can you can do it there. So that's the thing. Now you know uh what to do. Now the next important part is the three levels of service delivery. something that most people never talk about and they only want you to use automation and AI and basically hire a lot of people and in my opinion this is a very bad approach. In my opinion the level one is a very manual work. So this just you and AI to get your first let's say free clients. Once you have free clients you have enough money to invest in your business. So invest in automations in people hiring people because this is important. you cannot get to let's say 100 $200,000 if it's just you and no one else right so this is level one and most people skip this level because they think that they can uh outsource everything and make AI do everything but it doesn't work in this way if you cannot sell something by yourself and pro have a proof of concept you will never scale so this is the first level then we have level two when you create templates and you also use AI and with this method you sign the next five clients because this work is already getting easier but there is one very important thing That is basically it has to be the same niche. So we want to reach out to the same niche. We don't want to change to another one because if you build templates and you create systems, it only work in a very specific niche for a very specific kind of people. This is the same thing that I see right now with my um content strategy or content service for businesses that I focus on one specific subniche that I will not be talking about this in this video. But it makes everything easier because pretty much all of these businesses are using the same templates, the same resources, the same uh background footage, the same ads, all pretty much the same. You just change a few logos here and there and you have a full full service. So this is level two. Um on level one you can expect to be making let's say between 5K to u even sometimes even 9K per month. Then on the level two you can expect to make for example between 10 to 20K. And then we have the level three where you create systems and you also hire team and this is your ongoing uh process. So when you have let's say nine 10 even more clients then you already have enough money to pay for team and pay pay for systems. So here you will actually use uh a lot of automations and this is not a topic for this video because probably most of people that are watching this video are not here yet. But in this case here you will be making let's say between 30,000 to sometimes even $100,000 per month. And this is crucial because without team it will not work. You cannot really do it with just AI. Some people say you can but in my opinion it's just impossible. We are here to run a real business, not a template or an AI agent that will break uh when we try to make it really work. So you should support yourself with AI where you can like for example writing all the copies, finding good niches, research, creating materials, sometimes animations, but it cannot do everything for you. It still needs let's say the 10% or 20% output from you or your team. Now the next important part is basically how to build things without proof. And I know many people hate this stage where when you just do free work or do something for people, but the truth is you don't need to be an expert to sell, let's say, this package for $4,000 or $2,000 per month for like I did, but you need to know what you're doing and you need to make it stupid simple for your prospects. They need to understand what the offer is about because if they don't understand the offer and they need to ask themselves what what does it really mean? It means that you didn't do uh a good work. Um it's not up to them to understand what you say to them. It's up to you to communicate it properly so they can understand. Um that's why you we pick businesses that make money, that are established, that understand marketing and stuff like that. So we can actually help them with let's say making more money or bring you more patience, whatever that is. Um so how to build things without proof. When you're just getting started, you can have lower pricing for let's say initial one week, two week, one month, whatever just to get let's say initial one, two or three clients and then after that you can increase the pricing for them as well when they see the value. So what you can do obviously one option is to give them free service. The next one can be to do some free work for them and this is the option that I prefer. I help them with recording in the first video on a house the full video u title script video editing um all the optimization and also the funnel for it. So this is what I do for free and I will tell you that people love this offer and to show you a proof that they love this offer. I sent only 20 emails and I got two responses. Both of them are positive and I have two opportunities already. So this is not some this is not a strategy for people that want to reach out to 1 million businesses every single day. This is a strategy for people that want to reach out to 20 businesses, get two responses, and maybe one client from these responses. So, I don't really like the hustle culture. I prefer the money culture. I don't know what is the opposite of the hustle culture, but definitely not something that um is definitely not a strategy where you're sending hundreds of emails every single day. So this is one way you do the work for free and once you once they for example post the content whatever you have case studies because people don't pay you because they don't see the value that you can provide. So on you so what so when you do this free work you do two things first obviously it'll be easier for you to get paid but the second thing is that also you build your portfolio and you still and these two things are crucial because even if these people don't pay you you will still have let's say in two or three weeks a portfolio that shows exactly what you can do. So you will have let's say all this content that you made for other businesses and they see that they are the exactly the same business as them. So for example you have only those u let's say dentists here and now new dentist is your prospect and they watch your website they see okay so he's working with businesses like me and I like things that he can create. Okay let's do it let's try now they believe you now they trust you. So this is how you can build things without proof. You just need to build something for people are they for free or for very small fee and just get your first clients like that. Obviously, another thing is that you can ask your friends if you have any business friends, maybe they want to use your services. Sometimes they will pay you, sometimes not. But again, you're building your portfolio and while you are building this portfolio, one or two people at least will uh sign an agreement with you. And as you remember, the price for your service was $4500 per month. So, let's say even one client is already good. Two clients, you're already making $9,000. So, in my opinion, it's worth it to help them for free with whatever they do. and they they see the value less charge bugs and they understand it every perfectly. So now how to price price your services. We already touched this point already claude mentioned how you should uh charge for how much money you should charge. However, if you are not confident enough or you don't feel that you can provide enough value to justify this let's say fee that we are talking about which is u $4,500 per month. You can start with a lower value. And the idea is that if you have prospects, let's say you have 10 prospects and from this 10 prospects you sign free clients, which is basically 30% conversion rate, then it means that you can increase your price. Um, and you should do it every now and then. Once you see that your conversion is again 30%, then you increase the price. When your conversion is lower, then probably you should lower the price or learn how to actually sell to people because it's also a skill that you need to acquire um to make it successful. However, this is the rule of thumb. If you are converting 30% of your prospects, it means that probably you can increase the price because it's not uh is not enough. And I know that at the beginning it might be very tempting and it's good at the beginning. If you have even 100% conversion rate, it's all good. However, later on, you should uh aim to have let's say conversion rate of 10%. Because that means that you're using your time efficiently. you're only signing uh deals with clients that have money to spend and they're let's say top one or 10% in their niche um and you want to work only with top clients, right? So, this is the rule of thumb how to price your services. Again, you can even start with like lower price for one video. I don't let's say $500 per video or per oneoff campaign on Facebook ads or funnel or whatever it is. Um this is how you can get this is how you get started. So, now what you should do step one is to pick your niche. So to do it, you can watch this video again when I when I was picking the niche and you can basically repeat my steps or you can uh get uh in the description there will be a code workflow that I was using. There are all 12 prompts to help you with every part of the business. However, you can just watch this video again and you will have the same answer. Then the step two is basically to build your first deliverable sample this week. So, you need to have something to show to your clients. Whether it's video editing, whether it's thumbnail, meta ads, whether it's uh whatever else, you just want to have something that looks like it works and people can see uh with their own eyes that you actually deliver something. If you just do this, you're already better than 19% of the people. I'm getting emails every single day from uh companies that try to sell me something and I would say 90% or even 99% of them have nothing to show me, have nothing, no deliverables, nothing. So, it's very difficult to trust them if they really can do the thing that they say they do. Now, step three will be to send your first 10 outreach messages this week. Um, it doesn't have to be a lot. As I just showed you on my Instantly account, I just send 20 emails and I got two positive responses. If you use the framework that we that I showed you in this video, how to write your message, you also get a lot of responses and there will be positive responses. So, this is the strategy I prefer. I don't want to send 1 million uh emails and I don't want to be uh marked as a spammer. I want to send 20 emails and get two positive responses and possibly one client. So, this is what you want to do. And again, if you want the full workflow, check the description. There will be two links. There will be one link to the workflow and one link to my school community where you can ask me questions about your niche. Uh watch what other people are doing, how they use AI tools for their businesses. So, this is the full video. With these steps, I built this service and I sold um this service to the business. And now I charge $2,400 for this service. For this particular business is a recurring uh deal. We probably run $30,000 per year just from one client. And this is the whole beauty of the system. You have one client, you keep them happy, they pay you for years, and you don't need to wake up every month and be stressed that, oh my god, I need to sell all my PDFs or I need to sell all my agents in in order to make more money. No, it is it is all compounding over time. So, if that sounds good, make sure to like this video, comment what you think or what niche you want to go after, and obviously watch this video you can see on the screen right now. We show you exactly how I use AI and how to grow your business with AI powered services. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next